Title: About Me 
Authors: Paul W. Joireman

I am passionate about creating high quality, testable and well documented
software and enjoy working in a dynamic environment where others share this
passion. I am a software engineer working on server side development for
physIQ, Inc. a health technology startup. We are working to bring a novel
medical device to market that combines remote monitoring of biosignals and
predictive analytics to provide unique and useful information to clinicians and
physicians. I use Python for back end development to process incoming biosignal
data through various signal processing and machine learning algorithms.

I have 12+ years of experience in all different phases of software development,
architecture, design, implementation, testing and deployment. I have worked at
many different levels from low level embedded hardware/software interfaces to
multi-tiered web application implementation and deployment and am very
comfortable moving between different levels of abstraction. I currently work
almost exclusively with Python and appreciate its flexibility and the wide
range of excellent packages, numpy/scipy, pandas, requests, flask, etc. I often
turn to C/C++ when speed is at a premium or the environment requires it but I
have experience with Java, Matlab, LabVIEW and assembly.

I hold a PhD in Chemistry from UCLA and a BS/BA in Chemistry/Mathematics from
Whitworth University. I taught chemistry for several years in such widely
separated places as Ethiopia, England, rural Iowa and western NY state. In the
late 90s I was bitten by the programming bug, first learning and loving C++. I
jumped off the academic ship and into the "real world" and spent almost 10
years as and embedded programmer in the Accelerator Division at Fermi National
Accelerator Lab, using C/C++, Python, LabVIEW and MATLAB. In 2011, I moved from
the large corporate environment of Fermilab to a small startup working on
innovative uses of wearable sensors and predictive analytics to improve health
care.  In 2017, a family move took me to Richmond, VA, where I currently work
for Capital One.

Languages: Python, C/C++, Java, Matlab, LabVIEW, HTML/CSS 
Technologies: AWS, RESTful web services, RabbitMQ AMQP, LogStash, DSP
OS: Un*x (Ubuntu and CentOS), Mac OSX, Win 7/8/10

